This section will guide you:
●	To understand Artifactory
●	To install Artifactory
●	To configure Artifactory with Jenkins

Development Environment: 
●	Jenkins
●	Artifactory

This guide has three sub-sections, namely:
2.1.1	Installing Artifactory
2.1.2	Setting up Artifactory with Jenkins
2.1.3	Pushing the code into GitHub repositories


Step 2.1.1: Installing Artifactory
●	Go to this link: https://jfrog.com/open-source/#artifactory.
●	Download the tar.gz file as shown in the following screenshot




 
 
●	Use the following command to extract the tar file.
cd Downloads
tar -xvf jfrog-artifactory-oss-7.5.5-linux.tar.gz
 
●	The tar file will be extracted in a directory named artifactory-oss-7.5.5
●	Open the command prompt and go to the bin of the Artifactory folder and run the following commands:
cd Downloads/artifactory-oss-7.5.5/artifactory/app/bin
sudo ./installService.sh
 
●	Now, run the command: 
systemctl start artifactory.service
 
●	Now, go to the browser type- localhost:8081.
●	Enter the following details:
ID : admin
Password: password
        	 
●	Click on ‘Welcome Admin.’
●	Click on ‘Quick Setup.’
●	Create a maven repository.
 

Step 2.1.2: Setting up Artifactory with Jenkins
●	Jenkins is already installed in your practice lab. Refer to QA to QE lab guide for Phase 2 for more information.
●	Open command line and run the following command:
sudo less /var/lib/jenkins/secrets/initialAdminPassword
●	Copy the password displayed in the command line
●	Go to localhost:8080 in the browser and paste the password in the given field
●	Click on install suggested plugins
●	Go to ‘Manage Jenkins.’
●	Click on ‘Manage Plugin.’
●	Select the available tab.
●	Search for Artifactory.
 
●	Again, go to ‘Manage Jenkins.’ 
●	Go to ‘Configure System.’
●	There is an option Artifactory.
●	Select ‘Add Artifactory.’
●	Pass the artifactory localhost URL.
●	Now, pass the credentials.
●	Click on ‘Apply’ and ‘Save.’ 
 

Step 2.1.3: Pushing the Code to GitHub Repositories
Open your command prompt and navigate to the folder where you have created your files.
cd <folder path>
Initialize your repository using the following command:
git init
Add all the files to your git repository using the following command:
git add . 
Commit the changes using the following command:
git commit .  -m “Changes have been committed.”
Push the files to the folder you initially created using the following command:
git push -u origin master

